{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11860\viewh12860\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Manage User Database\
Description: manage Chimera users and accounts within the database\
Actors: Manager, Database\
Pre-condition: Must be authentic Chimera Manager\
Triggers:\
Basic Flow: \
	1. Manager logins in to admin account and chooses the user database\
	2. The system shows a list of all Chimera users\
	3. Manager can select accounts to delete, add, suspend, or edit\
	3. If manager chooses an account to edit, the selected account is loaded  \
	4. Changes can be made to various attributes\
	5. The system updates the database and shows the changes \
Extensions:\
	1. Un-suspend account\
		1a. Manager selects un-suspend option\
		1b. The system saves the changes \
		1c. Account is now active again\
	2. Cancel changes\
		1a. After making changes to an account, manger clicks cancel button to undo\
		1b. System does no update\
\
Manage Media Database\
Description: manage books, games, shows, movies within the database and their attributes \
Actors: Manager, Database\
Pre-condition: Must be authentic Chimera Manager\
Triggers:\
Basic Flow: \
	1. Manager logins in to admin account and chooses the media database\
	2. Manger selects a category(books, shows, games, movies)\
	3. The system shows a list of tittles for the selected category \
	4. Manager can select titles to delete, edit, or add \
	5. If manager chooses a title to edit, the selected title is loaded  \
	6. Changes can be made to various attributes\
	7. The system updates the database and shows the changes \
Extensions:\
	1. Filter categories\
		1a. Manager selects a subcategory to filter\
		1b. The system a list of items matching the subcategory \
	2. Cancel changes\
		1a. After making changes to a title, manger clicks cancel button to undo\
		1b. System does no update\
\
}